text
This is your home
You are not afraid of being discovered by Zhou Haijun
Did he find out?
Wenwen wedding anniversary fast
I've been wanting to divorce him for a long time
A man like him
How can I compare to you
Miss Zhao Weiying
Do you want Zhou Huaijin to be your husband?
I would.
All right.
Come back, come, come
I made you your favorite pork ribs soup
Come and taste it
Eat pork ribs soup again
Didn't you see what happened last night?
Let's get a divorce.
I don't care if you did it on purpose or for some other reason
I can pretend that I didn't see Zhou Huajie
I will marry you
I'm just having fun.
So you better keep going
Tomorrow morning at 10:00
See you at the Civil Affairs Bureau
You know what you're saying?
And I said, "Okay.
I want to divorce you
Like you
It's not worthy of our family at all
Dare to learn from others to start a business
Daydreaming
Someone is already interested in my project
We'll have enough to change one then.
I'm tired of hearing that from you
I don't want my child to be born
Lived like this
You're pregnant?